style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tracking/view-agent-signals.mdx

1. Navigate to [https://wandb.ai](https://wandb.ai) and select your project.
2. In the sidebar menu, select **Agents** to view all agent conversations saved for your project.
3. In the tab bar, select **Signals**.

![The Signals tab showing a list of scored turns for the agent.](./imgs/agent-view-signals.png)

## Key terms

- **Turn**: One back-and-forth exchange between the user and the agent.
- **Rating**: A numeric score between 0.0 and 1.0 assigned to a matching span.

> - **Tags**: Labels assigned to matching spans, such as `user-frustration` or `nsfw`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tags**: Labels assigned to matching spans, such as "user-frustration" or "nsfw".
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 9b16ad49b.

## Signals table

The Signals tab displays a table of scored turns from your agent. Each row represents the output of one of your signal monitors. The following columns appear by default.

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| **Type** | The part of the conversation that gets scored. Only `turn` is supported. |
| **Scorer** | The name of the signal that produced this score. |
| **Last message** | A preview of the last message in the scored turn, with the role shown below. |
| **Agent** | The agent associated with the scored turn. |

> | **Scores** | The numeric rating from 0.0 to 1.0, or a tag if matched. W&B recommends using consistent ratings where 1 indicates good and 0 indicates bad, but your scorers can use any scale you define. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Scores** | The numeric rating from 0.0 to 1.0, or a tag if matched. We recommend using consistent ratings where 1 indicates good and 0 indicates bad, but your scorers can use any scale you define. |
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 226955b7a.
